(suspenseful music)
(groans)
Boruto Uzumaki.
Your bodyguard mission
oughta be over by now.
So what are you doing here?!
I should be asking you that.
What exactly do you
want with my friend?
You unworthy bastard,
you're no ninja!
(groans)
(opening theme music)
(energetic rock music)
(chuckles)
First the Feudal Lord's
son, and now the Hokage's?
Well, it seems that I've been
dealt a pretty nice hand here.
You think you got
us beat already,
and that everything's
actually gonna go your way?
Pretty much!
Go get 'em!
(men grunt)
Tento, get back!
(Tento mutters nervously)
You're not gonna get away!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(cloud explodes)
[Both] Huh?
(clones grunt)
All right, you little brat!
Ah!
(both grunt)
(gang member yells)
(Boruto grunts)
(gang member moans)
(gasps)
Always scurrying
around like that.
However, just come
out now, you brats!
There's no way out
of here for you!
Boruto!
Stay calm.
It's time for you
to accept the truth:
your luck's run out.
Things won't end up like
they did at Hozuki Castle.
How'd he know about
Hozuki Castle?!
What, you think it's weird
that I know about that?
Well, the explanation's
simple, really.
I was there, too!
I was Tsukiyo!
You see, I used the
Corpse Clone Jutsu
to transform into him,
and then I took his place!
(gasps)
(chuckles)
A rather persistent group
that's very determined
to capture the Mujina
Gang had been pursuing me.
So as a last resort, I became
Tsukiyo and hid in the prison.
Seeing Kokuri there
was merely a fluke.
It all turned out quite
nicely in the end.
At the perfect moment, I was
able to abandon Tsukiyo's body,
and then make my escape.
(water bubbling)
I switched places with the guy
when we were both underwater.
(suspenseful music)
(chuckles)
You had no clue
whatsoever that the Kokuri
who you brought back with
you from Hozuki Castle
was actually me!
(mutters nervously)
[Tento] Boruto.
I really do need to thank
you for all of your help.
Not only did I escape, I
also got rid of that traitor!
(Boruto gasps)
Damn you, bastard!
(chuckles)
Boruto!
Be careful! If he catches you,
then he'll eat your brain!
(growls)
(grunts)
That was close.
Man, he's faster than
I thought he'd be!
(Boruto gasps)
(Shojoji grunts)
Yeah, and you're pretty
slow, ya little brat!
(growls)
(both grunt)
(Shojoji grunts)
Eat my brain?!
That's what you need to do
for the Corpse
Clone Jutsu to work.
[Boruto] Are you even human?!
Humans are fundamentally
creatures that eat anything
and everything, aren't they?
The two of us were merely
raised differently, that's all.
[Boruto] What the hell?
I'd really like to roast
you whole with some salt,
but you won't be usable
if your brain dies,
so I'll just break your limbs
so you won't be able
to move anymore.
Yeah? Just try it!
(dramatic music)
(gasps)
(growls)
(lightning zaps)
(Boruto grunts)
Wind Style: Zephyr Shield!
(lightning zaps)
(gasps)
Take this!
-Rasengan!
-(air whooshing)
(laughs evilly)
Wind Style: Zephyr Shield.
It can repel any and
every attack it detects!
It's an invincible wind barrier.
You see, I don't need to
learn a hundred jutsu.
All that I really need to
win is my enemy's own power,
since they'll just
defeat themselves.
And the foes that I
like, I then devour!
[Boruto Voiceover] Detect and
repel any and every attack?
Which means, I have to
take him by surprise,
but what do I do?
(laughs evilly)
I have to admit,
devouring you and reliving
my youth as the son
of the Hokage wouldn't
be all that bad, heh.
Now, let's see, the Feudal
Lord's son or the Hokage's son?
Whose brain should I eat first?
(gasps)
(cloud explodes)
(air whooshes)
Wind Style:
-Gale Palm!
-(lightning zapping)
Rasengan!
(air rumbling)
Huh?
(lightning zaps)
(Shojoji grunting)
(Boruto grunts)
(lightning zaps)
(gasps)
Don't take me lightly!
(lightning zaps)
Like I told you,
I'm able to deflect any and
every attack that I detect.
I've decided now.
You're the one I'm
gonna devour first!
(mutters nervously)
[Guard] We got
the money somehow.
We have to hurry and
get to the drop site.
Milord, I really
think that we ought
to contact the Hokage.
No way. Tento's life
is on the line here!
And if they find out...
[Sai] What will happen then?
Pardon me.
I heard that you were gathering
a large amount of cash
and wondered what was going
on, so I came to check.
Oh.
By the way, please rest assured
that nothing we discuss
will leave the premises.
So, please tell me.
(chuckles)
(gasps)
-(Boruto grunts)
-(bomb explodes)
A smoke bomb, huh? Simple
but not a bad move, heh.
Boruto.
Don't worry.
We still have options.
Although, for them to work out,
I need you to give
me a hand, Tento.
What? Oh.
That's mine!
[Boruto] I picked it up for ya.
Oh.
But promise never to
do what you did before.
Oh.
Relax. I know you can do it.
[Tento] Boruto.
Huh?
So what's the matter, you brat?!
Are you all done? Did
you lose your nerve?!
(footsteps tapping)
Huh?
(Shojoji grunts)
One.
Wind Style.
(air whooshes)
Zephyr Shield!
Two.
(air whooshes)
(Boruto gasps)
(Boruto grunts)
Three.
(groans)
And you're the real one.
(lightning zaps)
Wind Style: Zephyr Shield!
(metal clanging)
Four.
(moans)
I know you can only
produce four Shadow Clones,
which means that as long
as I have the real you,
then you can't
produce any others.
(gasps)
(Shojoji growls)
(yells)
(mutters nervously)
Boruto!
[Boruto Voiceover] Relax.
I know you can do it.
(gasping)
(air whooshes)
(Shojoji growls)
I can't infuse chakra!
[Shojoji] Seems you've
run out of cards to play.
How unfortunate.
The cards you have don't matter,
but how you fight
and win in the end.
(gasps)
That's what the real
thrill of it all is.
You talk too much.
Enough!
Now I'm gonna finish this
by eating your brain!
(Boruto choking)
Oh! Oops!
I gotta be more careful that
I don't accidentally kill you.
(Shojoji laughs)
(Shojoji groans)
(Boruto gasps)
What just happened?!
Ridiculous! I know that I
got rid of all the clones.
So how?
[Tento] Hey! You!
(Shojoji growls)
(dramatic music)
Why you!
Just like I said, don't
you dare underestimate me!
Listen, don't get too full
of yourself, you stupid brat!
(air whooshes)
Tento, you really are more
a ninja than this bastard!
Huh?
-Rasengan!
-(lightning zaps)
(Shojoji yells)
(Boruto yells)
(rocks crumble)
(gasps)
I guess you couldn't
detect that, huh?
Now that's what
we call teamwork!
[Tento] All right!
You did it, Tento!
(chuckles)
I never thought you'd
charge in like that.
I was really nervous,
but I'm just glad that
it actually worked out.
(rocks rustling)
-Huh?
(Boruto gasps)
(growling)
Oh no!
Are you kidding me?
(panting)
You know, for a genin,
you really have some
unbelievable jutsu.
(chuckles)
I'll eat you and make your
powers mine at any cost!
Stay back, Tento!
With that amount of damage,
(air whooshes)
I bet you can't use that
Wind Barrier anymore!
Brat!
(Boruto groaning)
Huh?
Oh.
(groaning)
What's going on?
[Tento] Are you okay?
I don't have any strength.
[Tento] Boruto, hang in there!
That mark on your hand!
Don't tell me you're part
of that organization?
Organization?
I have no idea what
you're talking about,
but you know what this mark is?!
(chuckles)
Given your reaction,
it appears that you aren't
involved with them, after all.
You really scared me
for a minute there!
There's nothing
holding me back now.
Now be good and
don't move, would ya?
Tento, go! Hurry!
No way! Stand up, Boruto!
[Both] Huh?
Look, just give up
and prepare to die!
(grunts)
You're the one who ought
to just give up now,
Mr. Mujina Boss.
[Shojoji] Who are you guys?!
Oh, yeah!
-Cha!
-(Shojoji grunts)
(dramatic music)
Seriously! Talk about
the nick of time!
Sarada! Mitsuki!
How'd you know where? And what
about that B-rank mission?
Mitsuki and I met up
and started heading for
the rendezvous point
to join Konohamaru Sensei,
but we couldn't stop worrying.
[Tento Voiceover]
Boruto's ninja teammates!
They're so cool!
(screams)
So we followed your scent
here. That's how we found you.
I've had this guy memorize
most of my friends' scents!
So you dumped that big mission
just to come and help me out?
Get me a caramel macchiato,
and we're all good.
I'll have, well, let
me just think about it.
You guys.
Yeah, all right, sure!
That's easy enough!
Well, if that's all,
then just leave it to me!
I can even rent out
the entire cafe and--
Hey, Tento! Just chill out!
The mark went back to
its original shape?
And I'm not in pain
or paralyzed anymore!
So what was that anyway?
Wait a second, did you always
have that mark on your hand?
It appeared after you fought
against Momoshiki, right?
[Boruto] You noticed it?
Of course.
What are you guys talking about?
What do you mean, after
Boruto fought Momoshiki?
I really don't know anything
about it for sure yet.
But still!
Why would you keep something
so sketchy a secret?
Sorry, I promised Mr. Sasuke.
My dad?
[Boruto] Yeah. So,
please don't tell anyone!
Don't worry, I'll tell ya
what I know when I find out!
(door clatters)
[All] Huh?
Tento!
Papa!
Oh.
Are you okay, Tento?
-You're not hurt?
-(Tento moans)
[Tento] No, I'm fine, Papa!
Oh! I was just so
worried, Tento!
[Tento] Papa, you're
embarrassing me!
(Tento giggles)
Quite an accomplishment.
I mean, you captured the
leader of the Mujina Gang.
Mr. Sai!
[Sai] We've uncovered
their spy in the Leaf,
so capturing the rest of the
underlings will be swift.
[Tento] You know what, Papa?
Huh?
I helped to defeat him
with the Shuriken
Jutsu Boruto taught me.
I'm gonna keep working
hard every single day
and become an adult who's
worthy of supporting you!
Oh, Tento!
(gentle music)
First, allow me to
commend the three of you
for rescuing Young Lord
Tento successfully.
Good work!
However, I can't overlook
that you abandoned a mission
you'd already accepted.
(all groan)
There's likely room
to plead for leniency
due to extenuating
circumstances,
but you should still expect
some level of punishment.
It's my fault; I
did it on my own.
So I'm the only one
who should be punished.
I'm sorry. A team shares
responsibility for each member.
So if you care about your
team, don't forget that!
And about Kokuri,
it seems that he did disappear
after leaving Hozuki Castle.
(all gasp)
So, it really was true!
Kokuri.
In the kind of work we do,
the sting of
bitterness can linger.
The only way to reduce
it is to get stronger.
(steam hisses)
Well, I thank you
for everything.
I'm so grateful. Please convey
that to Lord Hokage, as well.
We're sorry!
By all rights, the
Hokage should be here
to see you off, too, but--
Oh, that doesn't matter!
Seems that though he's busy,
he gets along well
with his children.
I have a lot to learn from him.
(chuckles)
Hold on, that's not the case,
not with my stupid old man!
Boruto!
C'mon, you really have
to watch your mouth!
(all laugh)
[Boruto] Tento.
Huh?
[Boruto] This card you gave
me, you can have it back.
Boruto!
Do you remember
what I said earlier?
Mm-hmm.
That you have to get
what you really want
through your own strengths,
no matter how hard
doing it may be.
That right?
Yeah, you nailed it, buddy.
Boruto, thank you.
(chuckles)
See you later, Tento.
(train whistle blows)
I just, I may not
be much right now,
but one day I wanna
be an amazing ninja
who supports the Hokage.
Boruto, you will, I know it.
You will become an amazing
ninja who supports the Hokage.
Now, then, it's
probably pointless,
but let me start by saying
this will go much better
for you if you speak
honestly, you trash.
You're the Ibiki Morino
and you're Sai Yamanaka.
Isn't that right?
I bet that all of the
intel that I've got
is seriously invaluable to
you Leaf guys, isn't it?
(chuckles)
So, I won't be talking
unless I get something
just as valuable in return.
Don't try me, trash.
Well, then, you'll soon
regret being this arrogant.
(grunts)
I'm sorry to bother you.
No, don't worry.
I've wanted to talk to
this guy for a while.
(suspenseful music)
Those who've survived
in the underbelly
of society long
enough know who I am.
Sasuke Uchiha!
And they also know the
lengths that I'll go to
when it comes to trash like you.
(groans)
What do you know about
the mark on Boruto's palm?
I don't know anything specific.
I swear to you that I don't!
It's just that I overheard
this conversation.
They were these
really sketchy guys
who were wearing black robes.
Just where was this?
And how many were there?
I don't remember!
I came across them by
chance in the basement
of a building I entered
to rob a long time ago.
I don't know how
many there were!
That's right, they
called themselves
Kara, the Husk!
Kara?
Well, that's a new one to me.
All of my instincts were
screaming out, danger.
So I just got the hell
outta there, fast!
Listen, this may
not be relevant,
but I happen to know quite a lot
about Orochimaru's Curse Marks.
And I could tell the
thing that appeared
on the Hokage's brat was
different than one of them.
I mean, it's not
as if I really give
a damn either way, of course.
Hmm.
(grunts)
(closing theme music)
A training course
in Medical Ninjutsu?
We learned a little
of it in the Academy,
but this is the first
time for formal training!
[Sarada] Each team has to
send one representative
to take it, right?
Who should it be?
I think you're the perfect
one to take it, Sarada!
Yes, I agree! I mean, you
are Sakura's daughter!
[Boruto Voiceover] Next time on
"Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations:"
Developing One's
Medical Ninjutsu.
What am I gonna do?!
I have zero confidence
in my Medical Ninjutsu!
(closing theme music)